# Platform Module
+ It can be useful to know on what platform the code is being executed.
+ The platform module in python provides hardware, operating system, and interpreter information.

## platform() 
+ platform() function gives you access to hardware details.
+ It allows you to control how the data is presented with two arguments:
    + aliased - If aliased is set to True or any non-zero value, it may present the alternative underlying layer names instead of the common ones.
    + terse - If terse is set to a non-zero value, it may present a briefer form of the result. However, this is platfrom dependent.
+ Eg -  
    ```.py
        import platform

        platform.platform()
        platform.platform(aliased=True)
        platform.platform(terse=True)
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        'Windows-10-10.0.18362-SP0'
        'Windows-10-10.0.18362-SP0'
        'Windows-10'
    ```        

## machine() 
+ machine() function returns the machine type, e.g. 'i386'.
+ An empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined.
+ Eg -  
    ```.py
        import platform
        platform.machine()
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        'AMD64'
    ```      

## system() 
+ system() function returns the system/OS name, such as 'Linux', 'Darwin', 'Java', 'Windows'.
+ An empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined.
+ Eg -  
    ```.py
        import python
        platform.system()


    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        'Windows'
    ```      

## version()
+ The version function returns the version of the operating system.
+ Eg -  
    ```.py
        import platform
        platform.version()
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        '10.0.19041' 

    ```      
## python_version()
+ This function returns the python version as a string.
+ Eg -  
    ```.py        
        import platform
        platform.python_version()
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        '3.7.0'
    ```      

## python_implementation()
+ In some cases, it's also useful to know what version of Python is running your code.
+ python_implementation() from the platform module returns a string with the Python implementation.
+ Eg -  
    ```.py
        import platform
        platform.python_implementation()
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        'CPython'
    ```                          

## python_version_tuple()
+ This function returns a three element tuple, with:
+ The major part of Python's version,the minor part,and the patch level number.
+ Eg -
    ```.py
        import platform
        platform.python_version_tuple()
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        ('3', '7', '0')    
    ```

## Other Available Function are - 

+ ```node()``` returns the computer’s network name (may not be fully qualified!).
+ ```processor()``` returns the (real) processor name, e.g. 'amdk6'.
+ ```release()``` returns the system’s release, e.g. '2.2.0' or 'NT'
+ ```architecture()``` returns a tuple (bits, linkage) which contain information about the bit architecture and the linkage format used for the executable.
+ ```uname()``` returns a namedtuple() containing six attributes: system, node, release, version, machine, and processor.
+ ```win32_edition()``` returns a string representing the current Windows edition.
+ ```win32_is_iot()``` return True if the Windows edition returned by win32_edition() is recognized as an IoT edition.
+ ```python_build()``` returns a tuple (buildno, builddate) stating the Python build number and date as strings.
+ ```python_compiler()``` returns a string identifying the compiler used for compiling Python.
+ ```python_branch()``` returns a string identifying the Python implementation SCM branch.
+ ```python_revision()``` returns a string identifying the Python implementation SCM revision. 