# Multiple Inheritance
+ Python also offers multiple inheritance.
+ Multiple inheritance is when a class has more than one superclass.
+ Eg -
    ```.py
        class A:
            pass
        class B:
            pass
        class C(A, B):
            pass
    ```
+ The subclass - class C inherits all the functionalities from class A aswell as from class B.

## Superclass priority
+ The priority for finding attributes and methods in the superclasses is from left to right. In our example, class A has higher priority than class B.

+ For example, if you have two methods with the same name in both the superclasses and the method is being invoked from the subclass, the method from class A will get invoked because it has a higher priority. If the method is not found in class A, then the method from class B gets invoked if it exists.
+ ```.py
    class A:
        def greet(self):
            print("Hello from class A!")
    class B:
        def greet(self):
            print("Hello from class B!")
    class C(A, B):
        pass

    obj = C()
    obj.greet()
  ```
+ O/P - 
    ```.py
        Hello from class A!
    ```
    
## Module Resolution Order
+ The way that a programming language scans through the upper part of a class's hierarchy in order to find the entity it currently needs is called Module Resolution Order (MRO).
+ It's essentially a set of rules that Python follows in order to determine from which class to use an entity when you invoke it.
+ The way that MRO works is that its algorithm scans classes from bottom to top and from left to right.
In MRO algorithm, a class always appears before its ancestor. Let's take a look at an example
+ ```.py
    class A:
        pass
    class B(A):
        pass
    class C(A):
        pass
    class D(A, C):
        pass

    obj = D()
  ```
+ Above, we intialize an object of the class D, which inherits from class A aswell as from class C. So according to MRO, Python looks for entities in class A first and then in class C. Here in our case, class A is being searched before class C, which is the superclass. But, class C already inherits class A. So this contradicts the rule of MRO, ie- The class should appear before its ancestor. Then again, moving right, when the control goes to checking class C which inherits class A, it has to go again back to class A which should not happen as per the MRO algorithm.
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        TypeError: Cannot create a consistent method resolution order (MRO) for bases A, C
    ```
+ So the correct order of inheritance in class D would be class C first and then class A and Doing ``` class D(C, A): ``` doesn't really make sense since class C already inherits from class A. We would achieve the exact same behaviour even if we only inherited class C instead

### NOTE :
+ ```mro()``` method retuns a linear list of the inheritance hierarchy.
+ Eg -
    ```.py
        class A:
            def fun(self):
                return "Hi from A!"

        class B(A):
            def fun(self):
                return "Hi from B!"

        class AB(B, A):
            pass

        print(AB.mro())
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        [<class '__main__.AB'>, <class '__main__.B'>, <class '__main__.A'>, <class 'object'>]
    ```