## Nature of Strings
+ In python, strings are generally stored as numbers rather than the strings themselves.
+ Each character used by a computer corresponds to a unique number.
+ The most commonly used character number assignment is ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchanged)


## ASCII 
+ ASCII provides space for 256 different characters.
+ It uses 8 bits for each sign.
+ However, ASCII isn't flexible enough to add internationalization to account for different alphabets.
+ ### Unicode :
    + Unicode assigns unique characters to a million code points.
    + A code point is a unique number which makes a character.
    + For example, 65 is a codepoint which makes the uppercase letter 'A' in ASCII encoding.
    + The first 128 unique code points are identical to ASCII.
    + The most commonly used Unicode is UTF-8 (UTF - Unicode Transformation Format)
    + UTF-8 uses as many bits for each codepoint as it really needs to represent them.
    + Since Python fully supports Unicode and UTF-8, it means that Python3 is completely internationalized.


## String Methods
+ Strings are generally immutable sequences.
+ There are certain functions that can be used with strings
+ Eg - 
    ```.py
        print(len("Hey there!"))    # len()
        print(ord('A'))             # Code point
        print(chr(65))              # char(code point)
        print(min("python"))        # min(code point of string)
        print(max("python"))        # max(code point of string)
        print("hey" + " there!")    # String Concatination
        print("ha" * 5)             # String Multiplication
    ```
+ O/P -
    ```.py
        10
        65
        'A'
        'h'
        'y'
        'hey there!'
        'hahahahaha'
    ```

+ ``` len() ``` return the length of the string passed inside the paranthesis.
+ ``` ord() ``` returns the code point of the character which is passed inside the paranthesis.
+ ``` chr() ``` returns the corresponding character of the code point passed inside the paranthesis.
+ ``` min() ``` returns the character with least code point in the string
+ ``` max() ``` returns the character with largest code point in the string
+ ``` + ```   Concatenates the 2 strings which are passed before and after the ```+```operator
+ ``` * ```   Multiplices the given string passed before ```*``` operator with the number after it.